feat: merge common-questions and misc into faq (#501)
discordjs/guide: guide/popular-topics/faq.md

}
```

## Bot Configuration and Utility

> ### How do I set my bots username?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I set my bot's username?
```

<!-- eslint-skip -->

```js
<client>.user.setUsername('<username>');
```

> ### How do I set my bots avatar?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I set my bot's avatar?
```

</branch>

### How do I make my bot display online/idle/dnd/invisible?

<!-- eslint-skip -->

```js
<client>.user.setStatus('online');
<client>.user.setStatus('idle');
<client>.user.setStatus('dnd');
<client>.user.setStatus('invisible');
```

### How do I set both status and activity in one go?

<!-- eslint-skip -->

```js
<client>.user.setPresence({ activity: { name: '<activity>' }, status: 'idle' });
```

<branch version="11.x">

::: warning
the `activity` key will only work in v11.3 and above. You can still use the `game` key instead, but it is deprecated as of v11.3, and has been removed in v12.
:::

</branch>

> ### How do I make my bot react to mentions?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do add a mention prefix to my bot?
```
"React to" can be confusing because of actual Discord reactions.

If you want to learn more about reactions, check out [this dedicated guide on reactions](/popular-topics/reactions.md)!
:::

> ### How do I restart the bot with a command?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I restart my bot with a command?
```
